Do you hear that? That's the old bill. So unless you want to explain why you've got America's favourite invisible wanker dead on the floor, give us a fucking hand, will ya?
All right, listen, I have worked for the Feds. I've worked for loads of people. I'm what you might call an independent contractor. You got a problem, you call me, I solve the problem.
That's a problem.
No, no, no, Hughie, you don't fucking get it.
This is a fucksight worse. He's seen our faces.
Hughie, you walk away now, and you will never get payback for Robin. You'll spend the rest of your life sitting on your ass with fucking regret. Now is that what you want?(pausing)I know a bloke. Top man. He'll know what to do.
Morning luv. Frenchie about?
You'll love this guy.
Frenchie. Oi, Frenchie!
Good to see you too, mate.
Because I've got something even better for ya. How would you like to double your money?
This guy? Oh, this here is Hughie Campbell. We're, uh, working a little job together.
You and I worked together, and you're still in one piece.
Look, do you want to know what the fucking job is or not?
Open it.
(While crackling the cattle prod)Where's your sense of adventure, Frenchie?
Nothing gets past you, mate.
All right, all right, easy.
Well, it is now. He knows what you look like. Look, Frenchie, I need your help, mate, and I ain't leaving until I get it, or until the Seven show up.
Oi. Morning, sunshine.
Ooh, mind them bars, son. You'll only bollocks yourself again.
We don't want your fucking money.
What do you think, Frenchie?
All right, how 'bout we suffocate him?
And what happened?
All right, then, fuck it, electrocution, we'll just increase the amps.
Well, how the hell are we gonna do that?
We didn't bring him here for a fucking Happy Meal.
At Gitmo, we had to water board Khalid Sheikh Mohammed a hundred and eighty-three times over six months to get him to talk just once. Now, we ain't got six months. I doubt we've even got six hours.
And if we let him go... what do you think the Seven will do to us? Hmm? You can't get A-Train if you're a greasy smear on the pavement.
(scoffing)That's alright. I am.
Will it work?
Frenchie, back later.
Got an idea. Long shot, might help.
Yeah, well it's all under control here, isn't it? Try not to bugger each other.
Ah, fuck me. Fuck.
Congrats on your promotion, Susan.
Madam Deputy Director, eh? Wow, Andrew and the kids must be chuffed for you.
Just need a quick dekko at some of your files.
A couple of Supes. Big Game, Shout Out. Translucent, if you got him.
Eh, nothing special, just ticking a few boxes.
All right. I'm trying to find a way to do the job on the cunt, and if it's anywhere, it'll be in Mallory's files. Now would you like me to keep talking?
You're the deputy director of CIA Operations. Dig 'em up.
Why not?
Me?
Yeah. A bit of both, I suppose. Come on Susan. Five minutes alone with a piece of paper. For old time's sakes. No one will know.
Why, you buying it?
Oh, come on. We had a few laughs.
Well, if that's all it was, then, what's got you so hot and bothered when a simple "fuck you" would suffice?
Did I mention this is life or death?
Tell me, how many nannies shake their babies?
You know, a good hard shake, like, like tryin' to get ketchup out of a bottle. 1%? Less?
Funny, that. They sell a billion dollars worth of that shit worldwide. Goes to show you, doesn't it? The bollocks people will believe if you get them scared enough.
I'm not gonna piss you about, Hughie. I heard what happened to Robin.
She wasn't in the street, she was one step off the fucking curb, and you didn't take the pay-off.
Name's Butcher. Billy Butcher.(showing his FBI badge)Listen, I was thinking that, uh, you and me should have a little bit of a chat.
What, I can't immigrate? There's a giant green slapper with her ass in the harbour that says different.
No? What do I look like?
Well, it's alright there in black and white.
No, you got it all wrong, Hughie. It's what I can do for you. You see, you ain't alone, son. It happens a lot more than you think. Supes lose hundreds of people each year to collateral damage.
Yeah, look, there might be the odd mention of it now and again, like with Robin, but there's a fuck-sight more that happens that just gets swept right under the rug.
Ain't it obvious? Movie tickets, merchandising, theme parks, video games. A multi-billion dollar global industry supported by corporate lobbyists and politicians on both sides. But the main reason that you won't hear about it is 'cause the public don't want to know about it. See, people love that cozy feeling that Supes give them. Some golden cunt to swoop out of the sky and save the day so you don't gotta do it yourself. But if you knew half the shit they get up to... Ooh. Fuckin' diabolical. But then, that's where I come in.
Spank the bastards when they get out of line.
Come on, son.
You'll love it.
Hughie! Hughie. This is your one and only, mate. Once I go, I'm gone. I'm offering you the opportunity to get them that got your girl. What have you got to lose that you ain't already lost?
Keep your mouth shut.
Harry. Got your message. Thank you for being an upstanding citizen.
Not half of what I'll do if you don't.
Yeah, you know, cop, Fed, all the same to twats like that.
Pick your jaw up off the floor and try to blend in. This is the only place where the Supes can scratch their filthy little itch without the paps taking snaps.
And now he's the meat in the manwich. Fucking hypocrite.
Keep going forward. That's it. Further. Further. There. There. Stop.
Was. This is from last night. Turn it up.
So what are you gonna do about it?
Homelander's the exception. He doesn't drink, doesn't smoke. Man's a saint. But the rest of 'em, yeah. Pardon my French, fuck those fuckers. Here. Have a shufti of that.
That's the police log the day that Robin got murdered. Couple of bar fights. A few cars got nicked. But you know what's not in there? No bank alarms going off. No one charged at Central Booking. A-Train stopped two bank robbers, my arse. Someone's fucking hiding something.
Well, I don't know, whatever dodgy shit he was up to that night. Why couldn't he stop? I mean, what was in that bag? You know? Who was he running from?
Bingo. Work that out, and we'll have the fucker, I can smell it.
Here's what you do. Ring Vought, tell 'em you'll take the money, sign the NDA, but only if A-Train's there is person when you do it.
Then they'll take you into the Seven Tower, through security, mate, and then you're gonna plant a bug.
A bug. And we'll have a little listen. See what's really going on.
Yeah, exactly. You got it.
Hughie, Hughie, look, mate, I got a warrant, all right? But that place is firewalled, untappable, and locked up tighter than a nun's knickers. I couldn't get myself in there in a million years. But you, son, you could do it.
Yeah.
Who?
Hughie, Hughie, fucking grow a pair. You heard that cunt laughing at your girl.
Oh, yes, they will.
No. All right, give us your phone. There's fuck-all security to worry about. In fact, they're a bunch of muppets. And the metal detector won't pick this up. Right? And what they'll probably do is take you through the security and then up into the boardroom. Sit down. Be nice, congenial. Then, real polite-like, tell 'em you're gonna take a fake shit. Go into the bog, take the bug out. Peel back the plastic bit to reveal the sticky side. Put the plastic bit in the bog. Flush it. Then go back into the boardroom, sit down big smiles plant the bug underneath the table. Easy peasy Japanesey. Bob's your uncle. That's that.
Shh. Listen.
Hughie, calm down, all right? This is like that scene inThe Matrix. Now, you could take the fucking red pill, right? Spend the rest of your life jacking off, crying into your chai tea green latte, what the fuck. Or you could take the blue pill. Or is it the red pill? Anyway, take the other pill and quit being a cunt.
Just quit being a cunt. That's what I'm saying.
Yeah, you know, it has its moments, doesn't it?
Well, you got to go to work, don't you?
Well, I mean, that's all I need you for right now, yeah?
Yeah, look, son, I, uh, I think it's best that I take it from here. You know what I mean?
I know you can help. I got it.
Hughie, you're a good lad.
Sorry about the mess. You should fuck off, Hughie.
Hughie, run!
Well, well, well, if it ain't the invisible cunt.
There you are.
I'll tell you who you are. A fucking moron. "Translucent" doesn't even mean "invisible". It means "semi-transparent".
Well, he ain't moving.
How'd you know the electric could do the job?
Would've taken me forever to work that one out. Good job. Let's get him in the boot.
The trunk.
Well, Hughie, you just offed one of the Seven, mate.
Look, potato, fucking po-tah-to. We're both in a shitload of trouble.
Yeah, o-okay, so, look, technically, I'm not a Fed.
You don't fucking say.
I don't need your help.
You ain't even fucking real.
Bargain? What fucking bargain?
Just fuck off and let me die in peace, would you?
Oh, don't be stupid. You did us a favor.
We'll take care of it.
Oi, where do you think you're going?
We'll get you clothes.
Hughie, you just arse-bombed America's sweetheart. You can't just piss off.
Alright. Frenchie will go with you.
Either he goes with you, or I break your legs.
Good lad.
Nowhere. But we can slow the cunt down a bit.
Here you go, guv.
Listen, let’s have a little chat about this team-up, yeah?
And we got you out of that little pickle. We wrapped up Crimson Countess and delivered her like a fucking Christmas turkey, and I even sorted Gunpowder for you.
That’s like killing Emmanuel Lewis.
Mm-mm.
Nuh-uh.
No fucking way.
Yeah, I fucking hope so.
Oh, come off it. Look, I ain't stopping you. If you really want to go, I'll buy you front row seats. You can take Rachel.
I would be forced to chop my fucking ears off. I'll make a mess everywhere.
You would?
You love it.
Yeah, you do.
You're a smart lad, but you still ain't twigged to the one weakness they all got. Their reputations.
Guess this means we're breaking up...nazi bitch.
Security's tighter than a choir boy's asshole.
We should lob a fucking nuke at him, get it over and done with. You know what I'm saying?
Well, well, well. She's quite tasty up close and personal. I get what you see in her.
What have you got to lose that you ain't already lost?
Wow. Mesmer. Hello. Big Fan. Be with you in a minute.
Too fucking right. More than anything.
Well, maybe I don't want to look at you after what you done to my Becca.
Sooner or later, Homelander will find Ryan. Okay? It's just a matter of time. I have to do this, all right? You don't.
You're the one with your tail between your legs on all them fucking talk shows. And then they go and make Starlight co-captain? Tsk-tsk-tsk. That's gotta sting.
Never go into shark-infested waters without chum.
I'd call you a cunt, but you don't have the depth or the warmth?
Alright, then. Let's get a shift on.
Straight up web weaver stinky spider. Heroine enemas don't come cheap, son.
This ain't a bloody kinder care we're on about, son. Its Vought fucking Tower.
Arse cancer. shitting his guts out as we speak, one hopes.
Nice decor. 80s. Serial killer. Love it.
fuck me. I figured you was dead.
A stranger is just a friend you ain't met yet.
You turned a racist piece of shit into America's sweetheart.
All right. Good talk. Think about it. I'm here all day, all right?
I'm trying to save the world here. Claret's gonna get split.
Just what? F*ck off to Epcot? The Hamptons? Maybe pump out a few flying babies?
You hate fucking kids.
Call your church, guv. It's not a hate crime.
He's a fuckin' super freak!
I must say what a pleasure it is to see so many more women are in positions of power. You know what I mean? You known, if I'm perfectly honest, Translucent's always been my favorite.
He's my wife's son.
That's right. I'm the arsehole that let you out. Russian Porta-Loos, eh? You want the Countess's head on a spike, don't you? Well, she's in there, yours for the taking. Consider it a gesture of good faith.
It looks like Kermit the Frog had a right wang in your mouth.
You were spot-on about him.
Darwinism, love. Don't got to be the fastest, just not the slowest.
Holy fuck! That was diabolical!
It's complicated.
Nah, don't worry. It can get a lot more horrible.
Yeah, you do.
There I was, filling up the motor, I turn around, the little git had done a runner. We needed him to get near Noir.
It's shittier. It's not power. It's punishment. You don't deserve none of it.
Practice.
You and me, we're in this together. For Robin, and for Becca. That's why you can't allow yourself to be distracted by another bird.
Oh, by the way. You're all fucking welcome.
Said the bishop to the nun.
We'll cross that bridge when we burn it.
See, people love that cozy feeling Supes give them... but if you knew half the sh*t they get up to... F*ckin' diabolical. But then, that's where I come in. To spank the b*stards when they get out of line.
Ain't the joy in the discovery, eh?
Fuckin' supe shape shifters!
I made a promise.
Bloody hell. You wank to your own voice, don't you?
Oh, I'm sorry. Didn't mean to offend your inner black Baptist mum shoutin' "praise the Lord!"
Ah, don't you worry about that, guv. I got it all worked out.
And what did the old man say then?
Homelander ain't yours. Not really.
Cunt's out of the bag, init? Now it gets interesting.
I've got my phone linked to the find your shithead friends app. Now where the fuck are you?
Eyes fucking front, Hughie.
Are you hurt? Ryan, look at me.
Hughie, you've done a murder. Comparatively speaking, this will be a piece of cake.
That's a supe baby.
You’re gonna make us
Well, ain't that just fuckin' fairies and dancin' dildos, eh? I aim to live right down here, mate, on planet earth.
Wow, it is a pleasure to meet you. And I must say what a pleasure it is to see so many more women are in positions of power. You know what I mean? You know, if I'm perfectly honest, Translucent's always been my favorite.
Get ready to go.
No, they do not. And if they find out, I'll put you in a fucking coma.
You're between a cock and an odd place.
You must've been chaffed, eh? Helping him on his missions, letting him watch you on the bog, stick his finger up yer bum a bit, give him a sloppy little nosh. All in a day's work for a young ward, in it?
If I were you lot, I wouldn't hang about.
Yeah o-okay, so look, technically I'm not a Fed.
We've got Vought for child endangerment, drug trafficking and possibly the largest fraud in American fucking history.
You shut your fucking cake hole, Frenchie.
Fuckin' diabolical.
Oh, no, no, no. I'm the upgrade.
Well, now we got to kill him.
Nah, that'd be worthless. Victim always goes into shock, you gotta start small. Fingers, toenails, ears...
Would you rather finger some clay or walk the fuck out of here?
We don't want your f*cking money.
I just had to pop down to the shop. I was running a bit low on mind your own fucking business.
Gotta hand it to him, cunt knows how to wear a whistle.
I'll tell you who you are, you're a moron. 'Translucent' doesn't even mean 'invisible,' it means 'semi-transparent.'
You and me, we're in this together.
Tell me, how many nannies shake their babies? You know, a good hard shake, like trying to get ketchup out of a bottle.
If there is some geezer up there with a big white beard, he's a world heavyweight cunt.
Well, you could've warned us your pal Sameer was V-ing up a Kentucky Fried fucking massacre.
Not the kid.
The answer to all our prayers.
Blimey, you don't say.
Now, remember what I told ya.
Supes are all the same. Every f*cking one of 'em.
I didn't have to nick nothin' from my old man. He used to get me and me little brother lagered just for the hell of it.
That ain't a bloody kinder care we're on about, son. It's Vought fucking Tower.
Your words, not mine.
That’s the only dose.
I was thinking that you and I could come to a little arrangement. What you lot call a team up.
If you wanna watch me have a wank, it'll cost you a tenner.
We're whistlin' our way towards a fucking apocalypse!
He's at 673 Nosh My Bollocks Ave. You want a pen and paper?
Listen, mate. I’m the only thing
Don't be daft. This shift is poison, Hughie. A lad like you don't want no part of it.
Contingency. In case things go ass over tit at the lab.
All right, you lot. In the safe.
Yeah. He's got a hard-on for mass murder and giving kids cancer and his big old answer to the existential clusterf*ck that is humanity is to nail his own bleeding son to a plank. That is a c*nt move. Come on, even you got to agree with me there. We should lob a f*cking nuke at him, get it over and done with. You know what I'm saying?
That cunt's gotta go.
Quit while you're behind.
Get out of here, Ryan!
Used the belt, did he?
You don't trust me. Susan, I am shocked and saddened by that.
You can't allow yourself to be distracted by another bird. Especially not a Supe.
Get out of the building! Now!
Not enough? If torturing and burning a bunch of mentals on board's say-so ain't enough for you moppets, then what the fuck are you good for, huh? A strongly worded tweet?
It don't matter. You didn't name him, didn't raise him. Vought grew him in a fucking test tube to take your place. He's the fucking reason they left you to rot with the Ivans. Look, mate...we had a deal.
You're a bunch of pathetic Supe-worshipping fucks. I bet you'd thank a Supe if they shit on your mum's best china. Did it ever occur to you that they split your spine or broke your dick just for a laugh? Where's your fucking rage?! Your self-respect?! Sitting here in your little share circle. Having a little whinge and a moan. Fuck 'letting go.' You should be out there with a fucking chain saw, going after 'em! Just a bunch of scared fucking rabbits.
The American people, they know. They know when someone's telling the facts, and they know when the media is lying to them.
Well, insanely desperate's where we are, don't you think, love?
Hey, Frenchie. Don't get caught.
If a Supe done that when she was happy, imagine what one would do if she found out you'd been lying to her from the get-go?
Oi! Evening, cunts.
You're a good cunt, Hughie.
We're sniffing down a sh*t sandwich the size of Watergate.
What are you doing here?
What's sporty spice up to?
Stand down.
What the fuck are you waiting for?
Maybe you should take a look in the mirror, mate. Cause that bitch should bother you.
For once, I've leveled the fucking playing field.
Having a good growler, are we?
You just want to kick back, drink a few Mai Tais, and let us do all the work, is that it?
You really are the spitting image of my little brother.
Look, uh.. I don't mean to be rude, but can we just skip to the part where you laser my fucking brains out?
Go on, son. Have a bump.
What a mess, you alright?
With great power comes the absolute certainty that you'll turn into a right cunt.
When you put them together, they're the goddamn fucking Spice Girls.
Give her my best.
Look, potato, f*cking po-tah-to. We're both in a sh*tload of trouble.
You cheeky little blighter.
Scorched earth.
Just remember who your friends ... and your enemies are.
Don't you worry. Daddy's home.
Because you're a ruthless b*stard.
Kid's a weeper. Don't want him to get snot on me jacket.Congress? Please. What a bunch of corrupting f*cking c*nts they are.
So it's just business then, 'ey?
Oi Cunt!
Well, you can kindly fuck off then.
Top notch show, love. Just weren't sure if you wanted us to kneel before your cross or burn it.
It's like Hughie's infected you both with a raging case of vagina.
Expecting a happy ending, were we? Well, I'm sorry, Hughie. It ain't that kind of massage parlor.
Now I ain't going to ask you to come along.
Evening, cunts. We're here to commit a bit of treason.
People love that cozy feeling that Supes give them. Some golden fuck to swoop out of the sky and save the day, so you don't got to do it yourself.
Yes, I did. I ain't gonna sugarcoat it, your football days are over.
Musta missed it.
Cool your jets, guy, it's not a hate crime.
In the safe. Let's go.